How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    it displayed only the parts where there are differences so I focusted only on them.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    you can always look back to prevsious versions of your code to undo an unwanted apart

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    manually is more space efficiant as I save only version i may need, but in case of accidents automatic will be a saver.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here


--------------------
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
pros : 
1 - fine selecting the optimum separation between commits.
2 - adding naming or describtion to the commit.

cons: in case of forgetting and e.g. power down you may loose some work.

--------------------
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

tbecause those automatic systems does not have the concept of reposetory, that mostly because they are meant to keep individual unrelated files, this is actually a problem I face with google sheets when I have multiple sheets reading values form each other as in this case the version history feature becomes much less useful or usable to me.

--------------------
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log displays all the commits, there IDs, dates, and a short desribtion, I can use two IDs  to compare the differences between them using
git diff commit_id_old[1:n] commit_id_new[1:n] where n>=4

---------------------
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Using version control tools I can make changes as I want as I know Ican undo any undesired changes just by checking out an earlier version.

-----------------------
Reflect: How Do You Want to Use Git?

that is something I will learn in this course

-----------------------
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I may use one of my projects